everybody welcome back to normal and
play funny once again through is Plus
where we lost n1 on the last episode
it's such a thing even possible yes
sorry yes I'm sorry I have to do it I'm
gonna do eaten first off you see this
precious hat you might not because I
just put this up with peas at vh0
4va not how you'd read that if you were
good at speaking English look at this
like a nice little cat hat it's like a
cute cat took or something like that
actually it's called a toboggan actually
I come from the land of the ice and snow
and it's called a freaking tube okay you
want to call it a bog and that's fine
what's day to you from Oh
Louisiana doesn't snow in Louisiana
actually in the very northern tip of
Louisiana on the top of a mountain it
snows once a year you got me all right
now they've gotten all the straw man out
of the way we got to d7 it's actually
like a really good start our rate of
fire is great for spawning at least for
having just spawned and I should say the
d7 is good but I don't respect it the
Sun card was nice our damage is probably
a little bit above average and you know
no stat stands out as being terrible our
HP is good as well so it's really really
a strong even start that doesn't
necessarily guarantee us a win but gives
us a good opportunity to it's like the
Bill Gates said about you know how he's
going to set his children up you know
he's a multi-billionaire
he said his philosophy is going to make
it so those kids don't have to do
anything but they can't do nothing you
know they they can do whatever they want
they just can't sit on it and spin he
didn't add the spin part I added that
because what the Fonz says and he's a
cool dude so I'm going to play with fire
Kevin Federline's debut album style the
only album style debut only I'm not sure
would you rather own Paris Hilton's
discography or Kevin Federline's
discography there's no right answer to
that question by the way dude BB F is
actually stomping it's destroying every
enemy in his path and another speed
upgrade is very nice especially
considering we got a spear at heart to
begin with how do we win this run easily
we get an arcade on this floor and then
we're able to use the Sun card to Garen
oh we do have an arcade I use the Sun
card because I was impatient then we
guarantee ourselves an IV bag or a blood
bag and we just you know basically crap
on the game from there the step three is
just ball out of control and crap on the
game it's a little armchair quarterback
well how do you win in the NFL just stop
throwing so many interceptions it's not
that hard probably why you throwing so
many interceptions don't you know
interceptions are a bad thing for me I
have you on my fantasy team well we're
going to get bookworm I will say the d7
is a respectable item as in I'm supposed
to respect it I just sort of don't but
I'm going to go how to jump instead and
it's not that I think the d7 is
necessarily worse although I do think
how to jump is a little bit loud I work
that well how the jump is a little bit
more easy to understand I suppose and in
terms of like how to maximize this
benefit but I also just don't use the d7
properly rarely or I should say I don't
use the d7 properly almost all the time
let's just jump out of here we're still
really nice spot I'm going to go to the
item room before the shop and I will say
the finger pick up it's pretty solid
there finger pick up
stay away from me
I'm just trying to oh you're gonna make
me use my own bomb after all the things
I've done for this this run I don't know
what I was going to go for there after
all the things I've done to my country
actually I've wanted to talk about this
for a while but have abstained
what does Vin Diesel mean Wow
in Latin now what does Vin Diesel mean
in xxx
he's in the enemies like secret hideout
they give him a nice young lady with
whom to spend the night with I'm not
saying it was theirs to give but you
know it was on film they're not changing
it now unless there's a director's cut
you just gotta respect the directors
wishes I suppose she's nearly naked he
looks at her and goes the tzuke's I'm
gonna do for my country what does that
mean are you sleeping with her for
America doesn't that strike you as a
weird thing to say for a guy who's
undercover right now is that he's going
to go into the enemy base
they say the things I'm going to do for
my country she's going to report back to
the boss and be like hey he said the
things I'm going to do for my country
seems like he might be an undercover
secret agent for the American government
for the CIA just a weird way to lose you
know being deep undercover is all I'm
saying it's kind of irresponsible from
Vin Diesel well from Xander cage what's
the more ridiculous name Vin Diesel or
Xander cage
I'm going to say that Vin Diesel is a
more ridiculous name
because Xander cage is like that guy
could be the CEO of Spotify for all I
know
Vin Diesel can only be Vin Diesel or
like a male stripper in the Thunder Down
Under
uh you know what these aren't that good
let's go for a deal with the Angels
setup instead percocet glass of scotch
half a Molly and diesel jeans have
forgotten that there's these are
outdated means because vine is now you
know gone but if you searched and diesel
jeans I didn't invent a meme okay it's
just it's a good vine from somebody
whose I don't know there's probably a
private text that has now been taken out
of context but the guys are real happy
that he's wearing diesel jeans and is
under the influence of multiple legal
and illicit narcotics - percocet not
illegal unless you don't maybe it's
illegal to hold it if you don't have a
prescription port I don't know the kind
of thing I've never had to know as a non
consumer and also not member of law
enforcement thankfully I don't think I
would be a good police officer
I like confrontation whenever possible
I'm a non confrontational person because
I think people sometimes call me out but
I've got everything to lose and nothing
to gain from confrontation why would I
confront somebody risk not only
potentially getting punched in the face
but risk them proving me wrong and
they're like actually my kids sick and I
was just driving to the hospital really
fast and that's why I'm driving on the
shoulder of the road in traffic because
you know if not he's going to die
instead I just take the story running
through my own personal biased filter
and then tell it to you know 30,000
people in an Isaac episode and I'm
financially compensated for it as a
result
become a hero of the everyman it's the
birth I have no incentive to get into a
confrontation with anybody like I have
had an encounter once that I've talked
about many times with a mentally
disturbed person on the bus here in
Vancouver he called me a homophobic slur
and then you know berated me from the
back of the bus while I was sitting down
and people were like you should have
punched him in the face what do I am an
upstanding member of society I can't go
to jail you know me too so I'm going to
get from people that are like hey
where's Isaac today
well sorry I'm serving as 108th jail
sentences that punched out the homeless
doing the face it's quite literally
punching down it's not a good look
just instead you got to go I'm sorry
that our nation's safety net has failed
you but please don't take it out on me
I'm just going to get off the bus here
it's the way you got to handle it you
know there's a reason that bum fights
existed it was to homeless people
fighting each other I'm not saying it
was good or tasteful or you know
ethically allowable or permissible by
any extent but it would have been way
worse if it was like a professional or
even amateur like MMA fighter fighting a
homeless guy that's not a fair fight you
know he's that guy's had training and
you know he's got a diet plan and he's
got him for a career in the business
it's just not the same set of
expectations that's why you can't just
be getting into fights with homeless
people who you know insult your honor or
disrespect you know and very few people
are going to be on your side everybody's
going to be like yeah he was being a
jerk but also are you okay all right
runs going very well so far I'm still
loving our hat I wish broken modem
didn't like 80% destroy everything I
love about it but that's okay hopefully
we get an eternal heart here and this is
kind of like oh and maybe even better
this is kind of our gimme floor it's
like this is the floor it's our it's our
senior year all we got to do is play
okay you know don't get in too much
trouble we should be fine you know if we
go down to our next floor there's real
consequences
we got a roughly 32
any chance of a deal with the devil
repeating of course and area of the deal
with the angel I should say and a good
chance of a deal with the devil if the
deal with the angel goes awry like we
got a shot at making this work we are
going to take up these pod but only
briefly
I always forget like how to jump I rate
it as like a seed to your book it should
probably be like a b-plus to your book
it does require good timing to use
properly I should say but even just in
terms of like granting you the ability
to get consumables you otherwise
wouldn't be able to it's nice it's
helping us out here we're flush from an
economic standpoint as a result of the
well partly as a result will be how to
jump pick up so I'm liking that oh come
on
oh come on what was that shot was I've
been Nashville Predators trying to score
a goal in game 7 play Game six of this
year Stanley Cup Finals is you know very
anti Canadian I almost got the number of
games in this year's Stanley Cup Finals
mixed up I mean come on
I sure hope somebody lost their job over
that one we get well nice little suite
of money here when I was a kid I thought
I was like really clever because I
remembered I was like going back to like
1986 I know the winners of every family
help but it was really pretty easy you
know 1986 is Montreal and then like 87
and 1990 is just Edmonton Calgary and
Pittsburgh and then like once again in
95 it's just like New Jersey Detroit New
Jersey Detroit Colorado New Jersey
Colorado Detroit Detroit you know like
it just keeps you only got to remember
three names it's like remembering the
sequence of notes in the Hot Cross Buns
or something like that
Detroit Colorado New Jersey Saturn
Colorado New Jersey Colorado I don't run
I'm out of Detroit it okay I'm not going
to I'm in hearing to the joke to a fault
at this point it seems there is no
arcade here
again with the NHL jokes it are probably
like 15% of people understand but that's
okay sometimes we go for the references
that like 2% of people are going to
understand it's a different story
altogether
okay angelic Spoils I thought is better
angel rooms which is exactly like
befitting with what we've been looking
for on this run let's make our way to
that room we really really do not want
to take red hard damage it would be an
embarrassment for me and for my country
it might actually be the worst line of
dirty talk in movie history because not
only is it just ridiculous it's like a
wink and nod oh is scary to the audience
exclusively but then beyond that it
could have blown his cover but it is
very much in come on dude
I mean I'm not too sad about the runs
feel good can we have one run that
doesn't have be BF or Bob's brain like
we're getting to the point where I'm
almost a little cheesed off with these
items we just can't reliably not get hit
by them although really I should just
get out of the way anyway well then we
got a 50% chance with a view of the
devil so you know even better now we've
lost a lot of HP in a very short period
of time to make myself very embarrassed
to that situation anyway I'm sorry I
took it out on you BBF that wasn't fair
I do also want to say we have that it
Sears upgrade in the form of the screw
but little light on VPS for four floors
deep
we haven't improved too much we haven't
improved our damage at all which is a
problem but a problem that hopefully
find the means to deal with the speed
upgrade is okay as well
how like you're not I I feel like I
should know the explosion radius
obviously the game is sort of infallible
here from you know the standpoint of
execution but at the same time look I
didn't get hit there I was far enough
away I don't feel like I should have
been hit xxx is one of those movies that
I always am baffled when people older
than me like it because I saw xxx
in a way that should create nostalgia I
was 13 going on 14 the way she tends to
go we organised like a boys night out as
14 year olds there's a quaint time what
can I say let's go to the local
multiplayer first up let's stop off and
montana's you know having some man food
and then we'll go to the movie theater
watch a manly movie that we wouldn't
ever invite our non-existent girlfriends
to xxx so we went inside and I was like
this is garbage and then when we were
talking about it I was like it was so
cool I didn't want to see you know if
you don't like xxx as a 14 year old I
was conscious of the fact that it was
going to look a little weird so I was
like yeah no it was awesome I mean it
wasn't perfect I mean like a
cinematographer
I don't know that's what I meant as a
yeah like Vin Diesel so cool stop thing
and Prague police start taking
PlayStation anyway so I saw a xxx in the
theaters with my boys and I still did
not like it like at all so whenever I
hear people that are like 33 like five
years older than me they're like it you
know the later triple exes aren't any
good but the first ones kind of dumb fun
like really like I have an excuse and
I'm still absolving myself you're just
diving all into the I mean of course I
was want to preface this with this but
you know you're always entitled to have
your own opinion on all forms of media
I ought myself as a snob a lot I've
gotten better about it as I've gotten
older to be honest but
you know it's no fun if I come into this
conversation a hedge every single piece
of it well you know you might have liked
it if what is your dad was a big Vin
Diesel thing and you know like you know
if you like it you like it if you don't
you don't and I respect sir I expect I
should say that you know you're you got
the intestinal fortitude to handle a
little dissent without being too
offended by it but I don't think that
XXX is very good I will say that I you
know we've talked about this recently
but I think transformers is kind of in a
different camp you like transformers one
and you're like the later ones suck but
the first ones okay I'm kind of there
with you I don't really like the first
one but I'm like I got more than the
first xxx all right this is a huge floor
for us
even though we've squandered our deal
with the devil chance there's a chance
for redemption got like an 18 and a
little percent chance of a deal with the
devil or of a deal with the angel and
like seventeen and a little percent
chance of a deal with the devil I'll
take either at this point the deal with
the devil see I said I would take either
but I really would prefer to deal with
the angel a this is ideal you know we
can get a deal with the devil in LA face
with an Oakland booty without actually
losing our deal with the angel chance I
like it now we've had some runs that
we've sort of squandered lately so I
want to slow our roll I did I skipped
the curse room on the last floor because
I wanted to come down to this floor with
more HP doesn't really make sense that I
then not that good that I then
immediately went to the curse room but
it ended up working out so joke's on you
I suppose let's go see if we can get a
blood bag here and if not really would
like to go to our shop we don't have to
do Basara I mean we have to bounce rush
at a point but I don't think I don't
feel any compulsion to do boss rush
right now is what I'm suggesting
magician Empress wheel of fortune we're
not going to save wheel of fortune until
like the end of the game so we might as
well blow it up and then the question
mark card is nice if we find ourselves
in a bad spot we can pop it like
emergency an urgent urgent emergency
just how urgent your love can be I don't
really like that song but I love the
power goes alright you know you've heard
urgent emergency bye
by foreigner you know what I'm talking
about it's one of the great all-time
sounds and you know 1980s rock music
along with the synth from ghostbusters
and the you know guitar beat or a guitar
rhythm from Blondie's call me dinner
today names okay uh look look look look
look look it's like I've been telling
you
BFF is occasionally leaving us in a
situation in which we can't do anything
at all I resent it I don't respect it
we got 0.3 luck let's gamble a little
bit get some HP back please
we do need to toll if we got to get
older I wouldn't even be cheese we could
probably blow up the blood bank and get
some HP we could probably blow up any of
this and have a chance to get some HP
back but I'm I think I'm justified in
being like a little bit ticked off
because like I really am trying to not
take damage when I walk into a room and
the enemies are so close to me that BBF
just explodes in my face just like you
did to me I'm not a big fan of it I'm
also not going to pick up the poop I
don't see what benefit that gives us we
play as blue baby so we shouldn't ever
have to pick up the poop in order to get
anything accomplished here this is a big
one thank you to spirit arts preserves
our relatively okay chance of getting a
devil deal or angel deal either one at
this point we got to sort of start to
make sacrifices to our Platonic ideal in
order to oh yes sure okay in order to
make our run a little easier well the HP
is actually nice at first I was afraid I
was petrified I'm thinking how am I
going to live without you by my side
now when I was I was thinking probably
it's a silly idea for us to be taking
fire mined here but we're going to do it
anyway smelt some trinkets right we
can't donate because we've already
donated enough to break it which I think
in this case was 1 cent 2% of the best
rapper of the 2000 and know we're
talking best rapper mm Kendrick Lamar
you can't just say Kendrick Lamar for
every question was until 2012 when good
kid maad city came out he entered you
know the cultural cultural relevance the
point that he has to this present day ok
you gotta you gotta go Kanye West for
the least most influential rapper this
is that who else you going to go with
Ludacris you probably end up be into the
top 10 but so would like ja Rule
50 Stan would be you'd probably be up
there number one number two dude I hate
when we have a run where I start with an
unbridled level of optimism and then
it's just choked out of me by the game
I've made my own mistakes on this run
but come on three point nine seven
damage zero damage upgrades by the time
we hit the depth to a little silly I
would have loved to done angel deals
which is the sentence that almost made
sense when I said it I would have loved
it done
I would have loved to have done angel
deals but they didn't show up at least
they didn't show up in time for me to be
ready for him all right now if we're
going to talk about unpreventable damage
I think that might take the cake right
there well you really shouldn't stand in
the center of a room as far as possible
away from harmful walls just in case of
mimic spawns when you're directly next
to it I mean I'm getting a little you
might say NL's you know eat a Snickers
not yourself when you're hungry I say
thank you Snickers are a top tier candy
bar in my personal opinion I do deviate
from the norm slightly in my candy or
chocolate bar preferences sometimes we
call them candy bars sometimes a column
chocolate bar okay I don't know I don't
know the methodology for it I just say
the words as I learned them right I do
not really care for Kit Kat I know
they're popular pretty much everywhere
not my not my favorite but I am a
skittles man and it's Kittles might be
one of the most popular candies I'm for
him I'll never never dangerous
dangerously close to like popcorn versus
Oreo territory in the last episode but I
never buy candy if there's candy around
I'll find a good reason to eat it most
of the time if you're like hey do you
want like a handful of skittles oh yeah
give me the skittles okay don't just
walk it that's like okay now you're
making some terrible plays but if if I'm
at a grocery store checkout line just
never happens
the tabloids and the candy and the gum
are just there for me to look at and
entertain myself while I wait Finn and
like judge the person in front of me
I'll be like oh my god you actually need
40 litres of apple juice like you're
entitled to buy whatever you want but I
would also like you to recognize on some
level that that's ridiculous like I sort
of resent that you're not all you're in
explode regardless yeah sort of resent
that you're not looking back right now
and just being like hey this way at
least acknowledge the amount of apple
juice you deign to consume here it's
quite a lot that's all I'm saying
this is potentially a bad idea but I
actually think we need some big plays
here sure fine
hive minds which is actually fire mine
is leaving me in a scary situation in
dude I hate not having the Polaroid I
guess you got a beat Isaac with the six
major characters like Isaac Maggie Kane
Judas blue baby
bu Samson I don't know well I basically
hate that well tell you what we'll come
back to you when we get some more HP I
do want to have the chance to make the
hush fight but I am also like in the
market of course for just that she's
just feeding the game with the pie of
the Isaac pan and again that should be
easy
the fact that it's proving to be a
little bit more difficult is as much a
testament to the danger factor on this
run as it is to the fact that I haven't
been playing that well over the past
couple of episodes and I will admit that
wilfully although it hurts me deep down
in my soul because this is the one game
I should at least be good at it turns
out that the only other game I'm good at
is a typing race from the tower unite
and I don't know if that's going to be
like a real eSport any time soon so
why do this room very simple thought the
second secret room is here it might have
red hearts red hearts open up an ability
to play more never mind an ability to
play more of the demon judgment and
maybe get a big upgrade and well we were
like sort of right but I'm going to do
this first and if we get it the older
devil will we'll play it by ear could
end up being good could end up being
garbage and could end up being and
probably will be somewhere in the middle
where we don't know whether it's good or
garbage until we think about it some
more yeah like this is a perfect example
of that uh yeah okay
here's what you do and this is actually
it might not look like it right now this
is the ballsiest approach to taste here
and it might preclude us from doing the
hush fight but it's also a little bit of
mad genius in its own right we shouldn't
have done that though it doesn't matter
too much because we don't have permanent
polaroid invincibility anyway so we're
just gonna that's perfect thank you
thank you for paying out quickly I do
kind of want Guppies hair ball because
that would take us one item away from
guppy with the goat head backing us up
however I am NOT a hundred percent
convinced that that's that just burns me
up inside I'm not 100% convinced that
that's sane or at least lies what we are
going to do and I've thrown away so much
HP on this floor so I'm really hesitant
to put myself in a position where we
might do it again but just even judgment
should pay out all I need is for him to
pay out with something like ceremonial
robes and then that gives me the
breathing room to take up his hairball
in the hopes that we get Guffey and
maybe that makes it possible for us to
leverage this into a hot rod instead of
a Cathedral chance and you know good
things can can happen there
being on a half heart interval is better
here but keep doing what I'm doing if it
works out in any way shape or form it
should be nice for us and we should have
pretty much every available opportunity
to make it to the hush fight if we want
but we really shouldn't be concerning
ourselves with the hush fight right now
we should be concerning ourselves with
like our moment-to-moment survival dude
you're actually crushing me though like
mathematically is what I resent in games
sometimes what you're doing right now is
testing my patience you're not testing
my my game acumen by any stretch of the
imagination
all you're doing is like hey are you
going to give up before I pay out
because it's a long walk back that way
and you got to dodge the red poops every
time there we go it's a gimpy payout and
I think on a gimpy payout it's not quite
good enough especially with 0.3 Lux so I
think we just bounce some sorry Guppies
hair ball but being overly aggressive
has cost me in the past a very recent
past think it's it's wise for us to just
leave but we can use the goat head to
hopefully pick up nine lines it would
still be a good pickup on the next floor
although we wouldn't be doing that well
we might still do the hustlin antics
anyway we'll see this will be a great
time for a syringe the virus like
doubles up with gimpy
are you a wizard puberty puberty is fine
give me some more puberty pills and I'm
okay with that uh that's an expression
until Isaac I wouldn't have thought I
would ever have said that in my entire
like in my entire life
some puberty pills there are few pretty
pills I in an in an abstract sense
against me talking about things like
donors Sam do you get like hormonal
replacement kind of like a meal
replacement but for your endocrine
system again I'm talking about things a
donor's stands in another life there's
like a me who's working as a you know
endocrinologist somewhere for some
reason you just had like violent chest
pains he's wondering why that's because
your evil doppelganger just mentioned
you so we lost our half spirit art I
think there but at least you just look
out red hearts and of course 100%
champion you deal with the devil
again there's no half hard incentive
right now so we're just kind of toughing
it out dude we got so lucky that was by
far I think I was going to say the best
but I'm going to revise it's the only
time I've ever had a broken modem really
be worth anything at all so thank you
for that the Joker card is way better
served on the cathedral and really at
this point it's just we do Abaddon sin
robes like anything that gives us HP
nine lives that's what we're looking for
we're looking for those items and sort
of those items alone before you get on
my case about this run in which I will
fully admit taking some bad some bad
shots here I'm not that pleased with I
would like to remind you doesn't matter
I would like to remind you come on a
four point nine damage do we have a good
rate of fire oh yeah we actually could
die here but if we Joker we're just
going to spawn in here again so I think
you just tough it out
Wow okay so be a little smarter not it's
like so not worth it okay okay we're out
Oh Joker come on work with me oh we
can't do anything with it unless we want
to literally put ourselves one hit away
from death which I I will admit I
thought about for a second there I was
like the sad bonus don't get close to
enemies the sad bone is probably won't
be worth it but it could be have to give
a little credit to gimpy we haven't
gotten any spirit outside agin sister
yet but we have gotten red hearts and
the red hearts are keeping us in the
game cards please to a diamonds I mean
it would have been a little bit more
worthwhile if we done the hush fight but
so be it this all comes down to the
Isaac fight if we can make it to the
Isaac fight it all comes down to the
eyes of fight that might have sounded
even well spoken it's not well spoken
it's a it's the most obvious truism I
could come up with we're good
let me continue to move here great work
I know why I thought I was boxed in on
this room we might actually have an exit
up here which would be very nice I want
to all hold it hold it hold it
you're good sometimes it just takes a
second to realize that you're in the
clear
grab the bombs we might need him all we
need to do yes that's exactly why I was
not using Krampus head by the way
because I was worried that the bostrm
could be around the corner not worried
actually like excited that the boss room
could be around the corner none of this
is none of this matters you don't need
it
ignore it it's solved is all fluff
and a great Krampus is head thank you I
like a perfect BBF moment redemption for
the times that is it hit me and I had no
control over it
not every time it hit me was one of
those times I definitely walked into a
club I'm a little nervous not gonna lie
meet some explosion sleep that's that
perfect broken modem also extols long
enough to guarantee that we were going
to get the get the skips there which is
nice
otherwise he does multiple attacks which
is obviously like very suboptimal for us
because we have to dodge them which
almost just happened right there we're
so close we were also so close to
getting blown up by our own BBF there
but he did get Isaac I think we're going
to make it and you know what we did not
play an impossible we did not play a
great game but we played a good enough
game to deserve the victory so I'm
excited about that and jeez that would
have been a problem finally we got blank
card thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button how's that a great deal of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future of her nail thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time